feat(apple): add new options for Session Replay (#12997)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/apple/guides/ios/session-replay/performance-overhead.mdx

## Benchmarking the iOS Replay SDK

> The Pocket Casts app offers a diverse mix of components making it an ideal candidate for testing. Here's how the benchmarks were conducted:

Author: Removed Android-related terms

  options.sessionReplay.sessionSampleRate = if isLowEnd() { 0.0 } else { 0.1 }
})
```

### Enable Experimental View Renderer

<Alert>
  In case you are noticing issues with the experimental view renderer, please
  report the issue on [GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa).
</Alert>

> Starting with v8.47.0 you can enable the up to 5x faster new view renderer, reducing the impact of Session Replay on the main thread and potential frame drops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with v8.47.0 you can enable the up-to-5x-faster new view renderer, reducing the impact of Session Replay on the main thread and potential frame drops.
```

> While we do recommend the new view renderer, it is currently considered an experimental feature to further evaluate its stability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we do recommend the new view renderer, it's currently considered an experimental feature to further evaluate its stability.
```

> After the evaluation phase we are going to enable it by default and eventually replace the default implementation with it in the near future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the evaluation phase we are going to enable it by default.
```

```swift
SentrySDK.start(configureOptions: { options in
  options.sessionReplay.enableExperimentalViewRenderer = true
})
```

> ### Enable Fast (Incomplete) View Rendering

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't document this here. the perf improvement is not that huge and we're confident with the stability of the above. adding this into the mix just makes it confusing and harder for ppl to decide what to do.
it's ok to keep it in code where we also point out it's experimental and produces incomplete renders. if someone really wants to dig into it, they're welcome to.

Author: Makes sense, I'll remove the section

In addition to the experimental view renderer we offer the option of even faster, but potentially incomplete, view renderering.

This option only works in combination with the experimental view renderer and controls the way the view hierarchy is drawn.
By default, the view hierarchy is drawn using the method `UIView.drawHierarchy(in:afterScreenUpdates:)`, which can be slow but brings is the most complete way to render the view hierarchy.

By enabling this flag the view is directly rendered using the underlying `CALayer.render(in:)` instead.
While this appraoch can show performance benefits, it can also lead to rendering issues and incomplete UI snapshots.

> We recommended to leave this option set to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommended you set this option set to `false`.
```
